bridges.md, before:

# Nearby Bridges

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53794202/231489602-8ac7c8b3-cc82-4c97-b0b3-cae2bb2a5159.png)

## Eads Bridge, 1867

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2545978/193693837-93dda031-cdbb-429c-bf60-cd260edefe48.png)

### James Buchanan Eads
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/75965120/193693631-9f544f75-6d8d-4082-b24f-3abcc4c174f8.png)
 - American civil engineer
 - May 23, 1820 – March 8, 1887

## MacArthur Bridge

Add content

## Martin Luther King Bridge

Opened 1951

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2545978/194203239-f7828a4d-e719-470f-8df4-a62a2581fcc5.png)


### Design

This is an example of a riveted cantilever through truss. There are not many of these left in the U.S. as most have been demolished. The bridge is also technologically significant for the length of the main cantilever span. [reference](https://historicbridges.org/bridges/browser/?bridgebrowser=missouri/mlk/#:~:text=Planning%20for%20the%20bridge%20was,Maney%20and%20Associates.)

Commit message:

update to Providence RI bridges

bridges.md, after:

# Nearby Bridges

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53794202/231489602-8ac7c8b3-cc82-4c97-b0b3-cae2bb2a5159.png)

## Crawford Street Bridge, 1873

### 1906
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53794202/232793406-827a55d9-dcb3-483e-8862-abd8421988a9.png)

### Present Day
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53794202/232792842-6a8a6ba7-aaa1-4ed5-8fe9-d0cd8ef07eb7.png)

## Washington Bridge

Add content

## Van Leesten Memorial Bridge, 2019

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53794202/232794666-252f0f5a-6e82-43bb-bbad-755cfd1420ec.png)

### Design

The Michael S. Van Leesten Memorial Bridge stands as the culmination of nearly 30 years of planning between the City of Providence and several local anchor institutions. Spanning the Providence River and connecting the neighborhood of Fox Point in the east with the Innovation and Design District in the west, the bridge serves as a community gathering place, offering performances, moments of quiet introspection, and an unparalleled view of the city’s skyline. [reference](https://theprovidencerink.com/michael-s-van-leesten-memorial-bridge/).

### Michael S. Van Leesten, 1939-2019

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53794202/232795569-25bcb349-abb5-4353-84e9-b563e47946d8.png)
- civil rights activist
- business and community leader
- athlete
- life-long resident of the city
